readme documentation about currently supported Spago (#38)
purescript-contrib/setup-purescript: README.md

- The [PureScript compiler](https://github.com/purescript/purescript)
- The [Spago package manager and build tool](https://github.com/purescript/spago)

>   - Currently, `setup-purescript` provides [`spago-legacy`](https://github.com/purescript/spago-legacy); see [issue 37](https://github.com/purescript-contrib/setup-purescript/issues/37)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use the `unstable` version for spago-next; otherwise, setup-purescript provides [`spago-legacy`](https://github.com/purescript/spago-legacy); see [issue 37](https://github.com/purescript-contrib/setup-purescript/issues/37)
```
